---
layout: post
title:  "Disco Tray Studios Blog 1"
date:   2021-09-06
author: Vi Nguyen
excerpt: "Working for Disco Tray Studios"
image: "/images/disco-tray-image.png"
---
## Update on Disco Tray Studios and life experiences

**Disco Trays**
  1. So far for Disco Tray Studios (DTS) I have set up the DTS repository on my local machine. I then added my information to the members section. Check it out [here] (https://discotraystudios.github.io/). This was a great refreshing experience for using github pages all while being able to familiarize myself with the source code. A struggle I encountered was trying to upload a viable image for myself--turns out, I had to convert from jpeg to png in order for my image to work cohesively with markdown. 

**Good Vibes Flutter App**
  1. For the Good Vibes flutter app, Andrei and I split up tasks and looked over Good Vibe quotes for diversity and inclusion. I replaced some that I felt was way too religious (since not everyone is religious) and or inclusive to a specific gender. Andrei and I synced up over labor day weekend to discuss the work we did and then approved each other's changes. I gave Andrei the green light to add more quotes since we didn't want any merge errors while working on the same work card. While he was working to add more quotes, I looked at the work card for bundling font files so that one of our packages (google_fonts) would automatically use matching font files specified in our pubspec.yam's assets to load the fonts rather than retrieve them at runtime via HTTP--this ultimately will speed things up when the app starts up. Check the documentation [here] (https://pub.dev/packages/google_fonts). This process was really straight forward. I hot reloaded the app in my local to see if my changes worked and then pushed my changes. 

**New Changes In My Life?**
  1. I had my wisdom teeth taken out sometimes last weekend and I am still in recovery. With that going and the stress of graduating soon, I definitely feel the pressure of adulthood closing in on me. Time really does fly. To cope with that stress, I've been getting extra cuddles from my cat, Big Kitty. (Yes that is her name. I adopted her that way)

  
